BASE DICHOTOMIES
----------------
Position
Internal: Apprehended as emerging from an internal experience of life. (F / N)
External: Apprehended as emerging from an external experience of life. (T / S)

Method
Detached: Apprehended as emerging from an abstract experience of life. (T / N)
Involved: Apprehended as emerging from a direct experience of life. (S / F)

Form
Static: Apprehended as Distinct from other Static things, having a clearly deliniated form that is difficult to change. (Ji / Pe)
Dynamic: Apprehended as Coalescent with other Dynamic things, having an unclearly delineated form that is easy to change. (Je / Pi)

Behaviour
Reactive: Apprehended as something that is produced or affected by an external process. (Ji / Pi)
Active: Apprehended as something that starts or is inherent to an external process. (Je / Pe)

COMPOSITE DICHOTOMIES
---------------------
Temporality
Future: Detached & Internal. Apprehending what could be. (N)
Present: Involved & External. Apprehending what is right now. (S)

Rationality
Objective: Detached & External. Apprehending what is logically true or accurate. (T)
Subjective: Involved & Internal. Apprehending what is emotionally true or accurate. (F)

Perception
Reflection: Reactive & Dynamic. Detaching from external processes. (Pi)
Activation: Active & Static. Engaging with external processes. (Pe)

Judging
Conditioning: Reactive & Static. Guiding external processes. (Ji)
Navigation: Active & Dynamic. Changing external processes. (Je)

INFORMATION ELEMENTS
--------------------
Subjective + Conditioning: Sincere (Fi). Personal relations. Relational & privileging. Internalised feelings.
Objective + Conditioning: Structural (Ti). Internal structure. Truth & impartiality. Internalised rules.
Reflection + Present: Relaxed (Si). Familiarity of senses. Enhancing the current moment. Lessening of discomfort.
Reflection + Future: Dissociative (Ni). Yielding over time. Waiting for the moment. Lessening of impact. 
Subjective + Navigation: Expressive (Fe). Influencing expressions. Authentic externalisation. Emotional synchronisation.
Objective + Navigation: Production (Te). Pragmatisation. Productive externalisation. Factual synchronisation.
Present + Activation: Forceful (Se). Unyielding in-the-moment. Taking up space. Capture & possession.
Future + Activation: Digressive (Ne). Broadening of possibilities. Taking up ideas. Thinking outside the box.

Ti vs Te: Structuring vs Pragmatizing Logic.
Fi vs Fe: Privileging vs Expressing Feelings.
Si vs Se: Enhancing vs Weathering the Present.
Ni vs Ne: Narrowing vs Broadening Possibilities.

Ni vs Se: Anticipating vs Dominating the Moment.
Si vs Ne: Enhancing vs Potentiating the Present.
Ti vs Fe: Modelling vs Expressing Feelings.
Fi vs Te: Privileging vs Pragmatising Feelings.

INFORMATION ATTITUDES
---------------------
Ji + Pe: Symptomatic. Seeks to represent external processes. Emphasises the result. Static.
Ji + Se: Control. Denying potential.
Ji + Ne: Potential. Denying control.
Ti + Pe: Truth. Creating structure.
Fi + Pe: Relations. Creating individuation.
Ti + Se: Division. Structural + Forceful. External & Static. Controlling Truth. Creating structure by denying potential. Emphasising structural division.
Ti + Ne: Tangentiality. Structural + Digressive. Detached & Static. Potential Truth. Creating structure by denying control. Emphasising structural possibilities.
Fi + Se: Distance. Sincere + Forceful. Involved & Static. Controlling Relations. Creating individuation by denying potential. Emphasising negative relations.
Fi + Ne: Faith. Sincere + Digressive. Internal & Static. Potential Relations. Creating individuation by denying control. Emphasising good-faith relations.

Ji + Pi: Observant. Seeks to be seperate from external processes. Minimises the result. Reactive.
Ti + Pi: Structure. Denying practicality.
Fi + Pi: Individuation. Denying personas.
Ji + Ni: Timing. Denying acceptance.
Ji + Si: Acceptance. Denying timing.
Ti + Ni: Radicalism. Structural + Dissociative. Detached & Reactive. Structural Timing. Denying practicality by denying acceptance. Observing an unyielding truth.
Ti + Si: Canon. Structural + Relaxed. External & Reactive. Structural Acceptance. Denying practicality by denying timing. Observing a settled canon.
Fi + Ni: Isolation. Sincere + Dissociative. Internal & Reactive. Individual Timing. Denying personas by denying acceptance. Observing an inequitable distance.
Fi + Si: Affirmation. Sincere + Relaxed. Involved & Reactive. Individual Acceptance. Denying personas by denying timing. Observing an inherent quality.

Je + Pi: Promoting. Seeks to promote external processes. Promotes further results. Dynamic.
Te + Pi: Efficiency. Creating practicality.
Fe + Pi: Expression. Creating personas.
Je + Ni: Foresight. Creating timing.
Je + Si: Comfort. Creating acceptance.
Fe + Ni: Catharsis. Expressive + Dissociative. Internal & Dynamic. Expressive Foresight. Creating personas by creating timing. Promoting a cathartic atmosphere.
Fe + Si: Hospitality. Expressive + Relaxed. Involved & Dynamic. Expressive Comfort. Creating personas by creating acceptance. Promoting a welcoming atmosphere.
Te + Ni: Profitability. Productive + Dissociative. Detached & Dynamic. Efficient Foresight. Creating practicality by creating timing. Promoting a pragmatic yield.
Te + Si: Reliability. Productive + Relaxed. External & Dynamic. Efficient Comfort. Creating practicality by creating acceptance. Promoting pragmatic stability.

Je + Pe: Adopting. Seeks to make the most of external processes. Adopts the result. Active.
Je + Se: Capture. Creating control.
Je + Ne: Ideation. Creating potential.
Te + Pe: Practicality. Denying structure.
Fe + Pe: Personas. Denying individuation.
Fe + Se: Supremacy. Expressive + Forceful. Involved & Active. Capturing Personas. Creating control by denying individuation. Adopting powerful personas.
Te + Se: Expenditure. Productive + Forceful. External & Active. Capturing Practicality. Creating control by denying structure. Adopting a pragmatic expenditure.
Fe + Ne: Silliness. Expressive + Digressive. Internal & Active. Ideating Personas. Creating potential by denying individuation. Adopting silly personas.
Te + Ne: Experimentation. Productive + Digressive. Detached & Active. Ideating Practicality. Creating potential by denying structure. Adopting pragmatic experimentation.

HIERARCHAL VS ATOMISTIC
-----------------------
Fi + Te: Economical. Sincere + Productive.
Using resources in personally-valuable ways.
Characterised by resourcefulness, seriousness and individuation.

Ti + Fe: Narrational. Structural + Expressive.
Guiding audiences to a central truth.
Characterised by small talk, flippancy and group membership.

Ni + Se: Collapsing. Dissociative + Forceful.
Acting in a willful and timely manner.
Minimising the negative in life.
Brings a weighty, decisive attitude to things.
Guided by sinking feelings.
Akin to waves crashing against the shore.

Si + Ne: Enhancing. Relaxed + Digressive.
Enjoying what life has to offer.
Maximising the positive in life.
Brings an airy, buoyant attitude to things.
Guided by imaginative guesswork.
Akin to explorers at risk of becoming "untethered".

Hierarchal: Relating to others in terms of the social categories they are part of.
Homeostatic: Economical + Enhancement. Stabilizing & earnest. (Fi/Te/Si/Ne)
Schismatic: Narrational + Collapse. Passionate & tyrannical. (Ti/Fe/Ni/Se)

Atomistic: Relating to others in terms of individual qualities relative to a whole.
Theoretic: Narrational + Enhancement. Childish & welcoming. (Ti/Fe/Si/Ne)
Solipsistic: Economical + Collapse. Independent & distant. (Fi/Te/Ni/Se)

Hierarchal Fi: Maximising positive relations. Affirming judgement of character. Faith & Affirmation.
Atomistic Fi: Minimising negative relations. Harsh judgement of character. Distance & Isolation.

Hierarchal Te: Maximising useful resources. Stable efficiency. Reliability & Experimentation.
Atomistic Te: Minimising useless resources. Ruthless efficiency. Profitability & Expenditure.

Hierarchal Ti: Maximising positive conformity. Disciplined observance of rules. Division & Radicalism.
Atomistic Ti: Minimising negative conformity. Reinventing the wheel. Tangentiality & Canon.

Hierarchal Fe: Maximising positive expression. Powerful atmosphere. Catharsis & Supremacy.
Atomistic Fe: Minimising negative expression. Welcoming atmosphere. Hospitality & Silliness.

Hierarchal Ni: Minimising negative impact. Premonition of discordance. Radicalism + Catharsis.
Atomistic Ni: Maximising positive impact. Incremental progress. Isolation & Profitability.

Hierarchal Se: Minimising negative consequences. Possessing the weak. division & Supremacy.
Atomistic Se: Maximising positive consequences. Retention of resources. Distance & Expenditure.

Hierarchal Ne: Minimising negative possibilities. Avoiding stagnation. Faith & Experimentation.
Atomistic Ne: Maximising positive possibilities. Looking on the bright side. Tangentiality & Silliness.

Hierarchal Si: Minimising negative comfort. Stability & peace of mind. Reliability & Affirmation.
Atomistic Si: Maximising positive comfort. Relaxation & beauty. Hospitality & Canon.

QUADRAS
-------
Theoretic.
Alpha.
Enhancing.
Atomistic.
Narrational.
Structural possibilities enhance emotional atmosphere, leading to an equitable legislation of canon.
Welcoming company that doesn't take anything too seriously.
Typically has problems with being too impractical or childish.

Worldview: Playful. The only thing to take seriously is not taking things seriously.
Ideal: Adjudication. To speak aloud, to be heard, to come to equitably-legislated conclusions.
Shadow: Overpowering. To step on other's toes, to wield power over others, or to be drowned out.
Symbiosis: Mutual. Ecosystem is implictly reliant on mutual stategies for survival.
Hogwarts House: Ravenclaw. Value intelligence, knowledge, curiosity, creativity & wit.
Tolkien Race: Hobbits. Lighthearted, easygoing, settled.
Symptomatic: Tangentiality (Potential + Truth). Emphasising structural possibilities for the mutual refusal of competition.
Observant: Canon (Structure + Acceptance). Observing an equitably-legislated understanding for the mutual satisfaction of all participants.
Promoting: Hospitality (Expression + Comfort). Promoting a welcoming atmosphere for mutual synchronisation with a crowd.
Adopting: Silliness (Ideation + Personas). Adopting silly social personas for the discovery of new ecological niches to share.

Schismatic.
Beta.
Collapsing.
Hierarchal.
Narrational.
Divided structure collapses into dramatic upheaval, leading to a radical, unyielding truth.
Rowdy company prone to ideological conflict.
Typically has problems with being too passionate or tyrannical.

Worldview: Transformative. Having a passionate will to realise visions, conquer enemies and enjoy the spoils.
Ideal: Domination. To be at the top of the food chain, to be most deserving of the spoils.
Shadow: Submission. To be the runt of the litter, to be cast as lower or less deserving.
Symbiosis: Parasitic. Ecosystem is implicitly reliant on the strong possessing the weak.
Hogwarts House: Gryffindor. Value bravery, daring, nerve and chivalry.
Tolkien Race: Humans. Power-hungry, heroic, dramatic.
Symptomatic: Division (Control + Truth). Emphasising structural division for the defence & rationalization of the ecosystem.
Observant: Radicalism (Structure + Timing). Observing unyielding truths for sapping strength from powerful hosts.
Promoting: Catharsis (Expression + Foresight). Promoting a cathartic atmosphere for provoking crowds into better strength.
Adopting: Supremacy (Capture + Personas). Adopting powerful social personas for possessing the weak & occupying the top of the food chain.

Solipsistic.
Gamma.
Collapsing.
Atomistic.
Economical.
Negative relations collapse into harsh practicality, leading to psychological inequity.
Self-driven, individualistic and sceptical of others.
Typically has problems with being too cold or distant.

Worldview: Strategic. Making pragmatic decisions, selecting allegiances and achieving long-term success.
Ideal: Independence. To determine one's own efforts & interests, free of interference.
Shadow: Delegation. To represent others or to do their work for them.
Symbiosis: Competitive. Ecosystem is implicitly reliant on a healthy competition over resources.
Hogwarts House: Slytherin. Value ambition, leadership, self-preservation, cunning & resourcefulness.
Tolkien Race: Dwarves. Secretive, laborious, hoarding.
Symptomatic: Distance (Control + Relations). Emphasising negative relations for retaining selected resources.
Observant: Isolation (Individuation + Timing). Observing an inequitable distance between things for tracking & scavaging losses.
Promoting: Profitability (Efficiency + Foresight). Promoting a pragmatic yield for escalation of competition over resources.
Adopting: Expenditure (Capture + Practicality). Adopting the powerful expenditure of resources for aggressive self-interest.

Homeostatic.
Delta.
Enhancing.
Hierarchal.
Economical.
Good-faith relations enhance practical possibilities, leading to affirmation of inherent quality.
Grounded, high-minded & driven to potentiate the best in how things are.
Typically has problems with being too accepting or understanding.

Worldview: Harmonious. Living in wisened harmony with one's environment.
Ideal: Earnestness. To engage with things sincerely, to potentiate the best in them.
Shadow: Parochialism. To operate with blinders on, to be subject to small-minded criticism.
Symbiosis: Commensal. Ecosystem relies on one species benefiting from a host without affecting it.
Hogwarts House: Hufflepuff. Value hard work, dedication, patience, loyalty & fair play.
Tolkien Race: Elves. Skillful, harmonious, reserved.
Symptomatic: Faith (Potential + Relations). Emphasising good-faith relations for self-serving altruism & friendliness.
Observant: Affirmation (Individuation + Acceptance). Observing an inherent quality for tolerance & adapation to the existing ecosystem.
Promoting: Reliability (Efficiency + Comfort). Promoting pragmatic stability for maintaining useful aspects of ecosystem.
Adopting: Experimentation (Ideation + Practicality). Adopting pragmatic experimentation for making use of seemingly useless things.

FUNCTIONS
---------
Ego Block: Public, Strong and Valued.
Bold: Natural. Default "always-on" attitude.
Cautious: Constructive. Attitude felt as constructive.

Super-Ego Block: Public, Weak and Not Valued.
Bold: Obligation. Attitude felt as a means to an end.
Cautious: Unnatural. Attitude felt as unnatural.

Id Block: Private, Weak and Valued.
Bold: Indulgant. Attitude felt as over-indulged in.
Cautious: Unconscious. Attitude unconsciously invoked in others.

Super-Id Block: Private, Strong and Not Valued.
Bold: Trivializing. Attitude most taken for granted.
Cautious: Repressed. Attitude most repressed.

TYPES
-----

LII / INTP / INTj / Sophist (Shadow: Investor)
Natural: Tangentiality. Naturally emphasises structural possibilities for the mutual refusal of competition.
Constructive: Silliness. Finds it constructive to adopt silly social personas for the discovery of new ecological niches to share.
Obligation: Distance. Feels obligated to try emphasising negative relations for retaining selected resources.
Unnatural: Expenditure. Finds it unnatural to adopt the powerful expenditure of resources for aggressive self-interest.
Indulgant: Canon. Can over-indulge observing an equitably-legislated understanding for the satisfaction of all participants.
Unconscious: Hospitality. Unconsciously provokes the promotion of a welcoming atmosphere for mutual synchronisation with a crowd.
Trivializing: Isolation. Trivializes the observance of an inequitable distance between things for tracking & scavaging losses.
Repressed: Profitability. Represses the promotion of a pragmatic yield for escalation of competition over resources.

SEI / ISFJ / ISFp / Traiteur (Shadow: Prodigal)
Natural: Canon. Naturally observes an equitably-legislated understanding for the satisfaction of all participants.
Constructive: Hospitality. Finds it constructive to promote a welcoming atmosphere for mutual synchronisation with a crowd.
Obligation: Isolation. Feels obligated to try observing an inequitable distance between things for tracking & scavaging losses.
Unnatural: Profitability. Finds it unnatural to promote a pragmatic yield for escalation of competition over resources.
Indulgant: Tangentiality. Can over-indulge emphasising structural possibilities for the mutual refusal of competition.
Unconscious: Silliness. Unconsciously provokes the adoption of silly social personas for the discovery of new ecological niches to share.
Trivializing: Distance. Trivializes the emphasis of negative relations for retaining selected resources.
Repressed: Expenditure. Represses the adoption of the powerful expenditure of resources for aggressive self-interest.

ESE / ESFJ / ESFj / Bonvivant (Shadow: Puritan)
Natural: Hospitality. Naturally promotes a welcoming atmosphere for mutual synchronisation with a crowd.
Constructive: Canon. Finds it constructive to observe an equitably-legislated understanding for the mutual satisfaction of all participants.
Obligation: Profitability. Feels obligated to try and promote a pragmatic yield for escalation of competition over resources.
Unnatural: Isolation. Finds it unnatural to observe an inequitable distance between things for tracking & scavaging losses.
Indulgant: Silliness. Can over-indulge adopting silly social personas for the discovery of new ecological niches to share.
Unconscious: Tangentiality. Unconsciously provokes the emphasis of structural possibilities for the mutual refusal of competition.
Trivializing: Expenditure. Trivializes the adoption of the powerful expenditure of resources for aggressive self-interest.
Repressed: Distance. Represses the emphasis of negative relations for retaining selected resources.

ILE / ENTP / ENTp / Fool (Shadow: Vulture)
Natural: Silliness. Naturally adopts silly social personas for the discovery of new ecological niches to share.
Constructive: Tangentiality. Finds it constructive to emphasise of structural possibilities for the mutual refusal of competition.
Obligation: Expenditure. Feels obligated to try and adopt the powerful expenditure of resources for aggressive self-interest.
Unnatural: Distance. Finds it unnatural to emphasise negative relations for retaining selected resources.
Indulgant: Hospitality. Can over-indulge promoting a welcoming atmosphere for mutual synchronisation with a crowd.
Unconscious: Canon. Unconsciously provokes the observance of an equitably-legislated understanding for the mutual satisfaction of all participants.
Trivializing: Profitability. Trivializes the promotion of a pragmatic yield for escalation of competition over resources.
Repressed: Isolation. Represses the observance of an inequitable distance between things for tracking & scavaging losses.

LSI / ISTP / ISTj / Brigand (Shadow: Equarry)
Natural: Division. Naturally emphasises structural division for the defence & rationalization of the ecosystem.
Constructive: Supremacy. Finds it constructive to adopt powerful social personas for possessing the weak & occupying the top of the food chain.
Obligation: Faith. Feels obligated to try and emphasise good-faith relations for self-serving altruism & friendliness.
Unnatural: Experimentation. Finds it unnatural to adopt pragmatic experimentation for making use of seemingly useless things.
Indulgant: Radicalism. Can over-indulge observing unyielding truths for sapping strength from powerful hosts.
Unconscious: Catharsis. Unconsciously provokes the promotion of a cathartic atmosphere for provoking crowds into better strength.
Trivializing: Affirmation. Trivializes the observance of inherent quality for tolerance & adapation to the existing ecosystem.
Repressed: Reliability. Represses the promotion of pragmatic stability for maintaining useful aspects of ecosystem.

IEI / INFJ / INFp / Apostle (Shadow: Coach)
Natural: Radicalism. Naturally observes unyielding truths for sapping strength from powerful hosts.
Constructive: Catharsis. Finds it constructive to promote a cathartic atmosphere for provoking crowds into better strength.
Obligation: Affirmation. Feels obligated to try and observe inherent quality for tolerance & adapation to the existing ecosystem.
Unnatural: Reliability. Finds it unnatural to promote pragmatic stability for maintaining useful aspects of ecosystem.
Indulgant: Division. Can over-indulge emphasising structural division for the defence & rationalization of the ecosystem.
Unconscious: Supremacy. Unconsciously provokes the adoption of powerful social personas for possessing the weak & occupying the top of the food chain.
Trivializing: Faith. Trivializes the emphasis of good-faith relations for self-serving altruism & friendliness.
Repressed: Experimentation. Represses the adoption of pragmatic experimentation for making use of seemingly useless things.

EIE / ENFJ / ENFj / Provocateur (Shadow: Seelie)
Natural: Catharsis. Naturally provokes cathartic atmosphere for provoking crowds into better strength.
Constructive: Radicalism. Finds it constructive to observe unyielding truths for sapping strength from powerful hosts.
Obligation: Reliability. Feels obligated to try and promote pragmatic stability for maintaining useful aspects of ecosystem.
Unnatural: Affirmation. Finds it unnatural to observe inherent quality for tolerance & adapation to the existing ecosystem.
Indulgant: Supremacy. Can over-indulge adopting powerful social personas for possessing the weak & occupying the top of the food chain.
Unconscious: Division. Unconsciously provokes the emphasis of structural division for the defence & rationalization of the ecosystem.
Trivializing: Experimentation. Trivializes the adoption of pragmatic experimentation for making use of seemingly useless things.
Repressed: Faith. Represses the emphasis of good-faith relations for self-serving altruism & friendliness.

SLE / ESTP / ESTp / Predator (Shadow: Custodian)
Natural: Supremacy. Naturally adopts powerful social personas for possessing the weak & occupying the top of the food chain.
Constructive: Division. Finds it constructive to emphasises structural division for the defence & rationalization of the ecosystem.
Obligation: Experimentation. Feels obligated to try and adopt pragmatic experimentation for making use of seemingly useless things.
Unnatural: Faith. Finds it unnatural to emphasise good-faith relations for self-serving altruism & friendliness.
Indulgant: Catharsis. Can over-indulge promoting a cathartic atmosphere for provoking crowds into better strength.
Unconscious: Radicalism. Unconsciously provokes the observance of unyielding truths for sapping strength from powerful hosts.
Trivializing: Reliability. Trivializes the promotion of pragmatic stability for maintaining useful aspects of ecosystem.
Repressed: Affirmation. Represses the observance of inherent quality for tolerance & adapation to the existing ecosystem.

ESI / ISFP / ISFj / Puritan (Shadow: Bonvivant)
Natural: Distance. Naturally emphasises negative relations for retaining selected resources.
Constructive: Expenditure. Finds it constructive to adopt the powerful expenditure of resources for aggressive self-interest.
Obligation: Tangentiality. Feels obligated to try and emphasise structural possibilities for the mutual refusal of competition.
Unnatural: Silliness. Finds it unnatural to adopt silly social personas for the discovery of new ecological niches to share.
Indulgant: Isolation. Can over-indulge observing an inequitable distance between things for tracking & scavaging losses.
Unconscious: Profitability. Unconsciously provokes the promotion of a pragmatic yield for escalation of competition over resources.
Trivializing: Canon. Trivializes the observance of an equitably-legislated understanding for the mutual satisfaction of all participants.
Repressed: Hospitality. Represses the promotion of a welcoming atmosphere for mutual synchronisation with a crowd.

ILI / INTJ / INTp / Vulture (Shadow: Fool)
Natural: Isolation. Naturally observes an inequitable distance between things for tracking & scavaging losses.
Constructive: Profitability. Finds it constructive to promote a pragmatic yield for escalation of competition over resources.
Obligation: Canon. Feels obligated to try observing an equitably-legislated understanding for the mutual satisfaction of all participants.
Unnatural: Hospitality. Finds it unnatural to promote a welcoming atmosphere for mutual synchronisation with a crowd.
Indulgant: Distance. Can over-indulge emphasising negative relations for retaining selected resources.
Unconscious: Expenditure. Unconsciously provokes the adoption of the powerful expenditure of resources for aggressive self-interest.
Trivializing: Tangentiality. Trivializes the emphasis of structural possibilities for the mutual refusal of competition.
Repressed: Silliness. Represses the adoption of silly social personas for the discovery of new ecological niches to share.

LIE / ENTJ / ENTj / Investor (Shadow: Sophist)
Natural: Profitability. Naturally promotes a pragmatic yield for escalation of competition over resources.
Constructive: Isolation. Finds it constructive to observe an inequitable distance between things for tracking & scavaging losses.
Obligation: Hospitality. Feels obligated to promote a welcoming atmosphere for mutual synchronisation with a crowd.
Unnatural: Canon. Finds it unnatural to observe an equitably-legislated understanding for the mutual satisfaction of all participants.
Indulgant: Expenditure. Can over-indulge adopting the powerful expenditure of resources for aggressive self-interest.
Unconscious: Distance. Unconsciously provokes the emphasis of negative relations for retaining selected resources.
Trivializing: Silliness. Trivializes the adoption of silly social personas for the discovery of new ecological niches to share.
Repressed: Tangentiality. Represses the emphasis of structural possibilities for the mutual refusal of competition.

SEE / ESFP / ESFp / Prodigal (Shadow: Traiteur)
Natural: Expenditure. Naturally adopts the powerful expenditure of resources for aggressive self-interest.
Constructive: Distance. Finds it constructive to emphasise negative relations for retaining selected resources.
Obligation: Silliness. Feels obligated to try and adopt silly social personas for the discovery of new ecological niches to share.
Unnatural: Tangentiality. Finds it unnatural to emphasise structural possibilities for the mutual refusal of competition.
Indulgant: Profitability. Can over-indulge promoting a pragmatic yield for escalation of competition over resources.
Unconscious: Isolation. Unconsciously provokes the observance of inequitable distance between things for tracking & scavaging losses.
Trivializing: Hospitality. Trivializes the promotion of a welcoming atmosphere for mutual synchronisation with a crowd.
Repressed: Canon. Represses the observance of an equitably-legislated understanding for the mutual satisfaction of all participants.

EII / INFP / INFj / Seelie (Shadow: Provocateur)
Natural: Faith. Naturally emphasises good-faith relations for self-serving altruism & friendliness.
Constructive: Experimentation. Finds it constructive to adopt pragmatic experimentation for making use of seemingly useless things.
Obligation: Division. Feels obligated to try and emphasise structural division for the defence & rationalization of the ecosystem.
Unnatural: Supremacy. Finds it unnatural to adopt powerful social personas for possessing the weak & occupying the top of the food chain.
Indulgant: Affirmation. Can over-indulge observing inherent quality for tolerance & adapation to the existing ecosystem.
Unconscious: Reliability. Unconsciously provokes the promotion of pragmatic stability for maintaining useful aspects of ecosystem.
Trivializing: Radicalism. Trivializes the observance of unyielding truths for sapping strength from powerful hosts.
Repressed: Catharsis. Represses the promotion of a cathartic atmosphere for provoking crowds into better strength.

SLI / ISTJ / ISTp / Custodian (Shadow: Predator)
Natural: Affirmation. Naturally observes inherent quality for tolerance & adapation to the existing ecosystem.
Constructive: Reliability. Finds it constructive to promote pragmatic stability for maintaining useful aspects of ecosystem.
Obligation: Radicalism. Feels obligated to observe unyielding truths for sapping strength from powerful hosts.
Unnatural: Catharsis. Finds it unnatural to promote a cathartic atmosphere for provoking crowds into better strength.
Indulgant: Faith. Can over-indulge emphasising good-faith relations for self-serving altruism & friendliness.
Unconscious: Experimentation. Unconsciously provokes the adoption of pragmatic experimentation for making use of seemingly useless things.
Trivializing: Division. Trivializes the emphasis of structural division for the defence & rationalization of the ecosystem.
Repressed: Supremacy. Represses the adoption of powerful social personas for possessing the weak & occupying the top of the food chain.

LSE / ESTJ / ESTj / Equerry (Shadow: Brigand)
Natural: Reliability. Naturally promotes pragmatic stability for maintaining useful aspects of ecosystem.
Constructive: Affirmation. Finds it constructive to observe inherent quality for tolerance & adapation to the existing ecosystem.
Obligation: Catharsis. Feels obligated to try and promote a cathartic atmosphere for provoking crowds into better strength.
Unnatural: Radicalism. Finds it unnatural to observe unyielding truths for sapping strength from powerful hosts.
Indulgant: Experimentation. Can over-indulge the adoption of pragmatic experimentation for making use of seemingly useless things.
Unconscious: Faith. Unconsciously provokes the emphasis of good-faith relations for self-serving altruism & friendliness.
Trivializing: Supremacy. Trivializes the adoption of powerful social personas for possessing the weak & occupying the top of the food chain.
Repressed: Division. Represses the emphasis of structural division for the defence & rationalization of the ecosystem.

IEE / ENFP / ENFp / Coach (Shadow: Apostle)
Natural: Experimentation. Naturally adopts pragmatic experimentation for making use of seemingly useless things.
Constructive: Faith. Finds it constructive to emphasise good-faith relations for self-serving altruism & friendliness.
Obligation: Supremacy. Feels obligated to try and adopt powerful social personas for possessing the weak & occupying the top of the food chain.
Unnatural: Division. Finds it unnatural to emphasise structural division for the defence & rationalization of the ecosystem.
Indulgant: Reliability. Can over-indulge promoting pragmatic stability for maintaining useful aspects of ecosystem.
Unconscious: Affirmation. Unconsciously provokes the observance of inherent quality for tolerance & adapation to the existing ecosystem.
Trivializing: Catharsis. Trivializes the promotion of a cathartic atmosphere for provoking crowds into better strength.
Repressed: Radicalism. Represses the observance of unyielding truths for sapping strength from powerful hosts.
