FUNCTIONS
---------
Ego Block: Strong and Valued.
Program: Default "always-on" attitude.
Creative: Attitude felt as constructive.

Super-Ego Block: Weak and Not Valued.
Role: Attitude felt as neglected.
Vulnerable: Attitude felt as unnatural.

Id Block: Weak and Valued.
Suggestive: Attitude one wishes to be better at.
Activating: Attitude felt as over-indulged in.

Super-Id Block: Strong and Not Valued.
Ignoring: Attitude most ignored.
Demonstrative: Attitude most looked down on.

INFORMATION ELEMENT PROPERTIES
------------------------------
Position
Internal: Apprehended as emerging from an internal experience of life.
External: Apprehended as emerging from an external experience of life.

Method
Detached: Apprehended as emerging from a direct experience of life.
Involved: Apprehended as emerging from an abstract experience of life.

Form
Static: Apprehended as Distinct from other Static things, having a clearly deliniated & rational form that is difficult to change.
Dynamic: Apprehended as Coalescent with other Dynamic things, having an unclearly delineated & irrational form that is easy to change.

Behaviour
Reactive: Apprehended as something that is produced or affected by an external process.
Active: Apprehended as something that starts or is inherent to an external process.

COMPOSITE INFORMATION ELEMENT PROPERTIES
----------------------------------------
Temporality
Future: Detached & Internal. Apprehending what could be.
Present: Involved & External. Apprehending what is right now.

Decision-Making
Objective: Detached & External. Apprehending what is logically true or accurate.
Subjective: Involved & Internal. Apprehending what is emotionally true or accurate.

Dynamic Temporality (Pi).
Static Temporality (Pe).
Dynamic Decision-Making (Ji).
Static Decision-Making (Je).

INFORMATION ELEMENTS
--------------------
Introverted Feeling (Fi).
Reactive.
Static.
Subjective.
Personal relations.

Introverted Thinking (Ti).
Reactive.
Static.
Objective.
Internal structure.

Introverted Sensing (Si).
Reactive.
Dynamic.
Present.
Experiencing the present.

Introverted Intuition (Ni).
Reactive.
Dynamic.
Future.
Yielding over time.

Extroverted Feeling (Fe).
Active.
Dynamic.
Subjective.
Influencing audiences.
Influence.

Extroverted Thinking (Te).
Active.
Dynamic.
Objective.
Pragmatisation.

Extroverted Sensing (Se).
Active.
Static.
Present.
Unyielding in-the-moment.

Extroverted Intuition (Ne).
Active.
Static.
Future.
Broadening of possibilities.

Ti vs Te: Structuring vs Pragmatizing Logic.
Fi vs Fe: Relating vs Expressing Feelings.
Si vs Se: Enhancing vs Weathering the Current Moment.
Ni vs Ne: Narrowing vs Broadening Possibilities.

INFORMATION ELEMENT COMPOSITIONS
--------------------------------
Fi + Te: Economical.
Using resources in personally-valuable ways.
Characterised by resourcefulness and individuation.

Ti + Fe: Narrational.
Guiding audiences to a central truth.
Characterised by small talk and group membership.

Ni + Se: Collapsing.
Acting in a willful and timely manner.
Minimising the negative in life.
Guided by sinking feelings.
Akin to waves crashing against the shore.

Si + Ne: Enhancing.
Enjoying what life has to offer.
Maximising the positive in life.
Guided by imaginative guesswork.
Akin to explorers at risk of becoming "untethered".

Ji + Pe: Symptomatic.
Seeks to be symptomatic (or the result) of external processes.
Makes the most of negative situations.

Ji + Pi: Observant.
Seeks to be apart from external processes.
Anticipates the most negative situations.

Je + Pi: Promoting.
Seeks to promote external processes.
Turns negative situations into positive ones.

Je + Pe: Integrating.
Seeks to be integral to external processes.
Makes the most of positive situations.

Ji + Se: Possession.
Ti + Se: Unflappable. Implies that to be most in-control, you must possess unyielding structures.
Fi + Se: Privileging. Implies that to be most in-control, you must possess unyielding relations.

Ji + Ne: Potential.
Ti + Ne: Incongruent. Implies that the best potential is found in structure.
Fi + Ne: Seelie. Implies that the best potential is found in personal relations.

Je + Se: Capture.
Fe + Se: Insurmountable. Implies that to be powerful, you must capture others to that power.
Te + Se: Vigorous. Implies that to be powerful, you must capture resources to that power.

Je + Ne: Exploration.
Te + Ne: Experimental. Implies that new possibilities are explored by being pragmatic and resourceful.
Fe + Ne: Sociable. Implies that new possibilities are explored by hosting others to them.

Je + Si: Safekeeping.
Te + Si: Reliable. Implies that to be safekeeping of the present, you must be efficient and resourceful.
Fe + Si: Hospitable. Implies that to be safekeeping of the present, you must tend to an audience or atmosphere.

Je + Ni: Timing.
Te + Ni: Enterprising. Implies that to make the most of a moment, you must be efficient and resourceful.
Fe + Ni: Galvanising. Implies that to make the most of a moment, you must tend to an audience or atmosphere.

Ji + Si: Acceptance.
Ti + Si: Settled. Implies that to be accepting, you must be observant of inherent structures or logic.
Fi + Si: Affirming. Implies that to be accepting, you must be observant of inherent personal relations.

Ji + Ni: Foresight.
Ti + Ni: Heretical. Implies that to have foresight, you must be observant of inherent structures or logics.
Fi + Ni: Isolating. Implies that to have foresight, you must be observant of inherent personal relations.

Ti + Pi: Truth.
Ti + Si: Settled. Implies that what is considered "true" no longer requires further litigation or discussion.
Ti + Ni: Heretical. Implies that what is considered "true" will ultimately yield to a higher, greater truth.

Ti + Pe: Structure.
Ti + Ne: Incongruent. Implies that inherent structure is best represented by its opening of possibilities.
Ti + Se: Unflappable. Implies that inherent structure is best represented by its possessiveness & unyielding manner. "The law of the land".

Fi + Pi: Individuation.
Fi + Ni: Isolating. Implies that individuation best occurs via a kind of harsh, psychological isolation. The inverse of "no man's an island".
Fi + Si: Affirming. Implies that individuation best occurs via an affirming & accepting attitude, one that creates a base for possibilities.

Fi + Pe: Relations.
Fi + Ne: Seelie. Implies that relations are best represented by their opening of possibilities.
Fi + Se: Privileging. Implies that relations are best represented by their possessiveness & unyielding manner.

Te + Pi: Efficiency.
Te + Si: Reliable. Implies that the most efficient resources are those that work as expected for the longest.
Te + Ni: Enterprising. Implies that the most efficient resources are those that provide the best yield at the right moment.

Te + Pe: Pragmatism.
Te + Se: Vigorous. Implies that the most pragmatic resources are those that have the biggest expenditure.
Te + Ne: Experimental. Implies that the most pragmatic resources are those that potentiate the most possibilities after-the-fact.

Fe + Pi: Emotions.
Fe + Si: Hospitable. Implies that the best way to tend to emotions is to anticipate their needs.
Fe + Ni: Galvanising. Implies that the best way to tend to emotions is to inject energy into them.

Fe + Pe: Personas.
Fe + Ne: Sociable. Implies that the best personas create new possibilities.
Fe + Se: Insurmountable. Imples that best personas capture others. King of the jungle attitude.

QUADRA PROPERTIES
-----------------
Hierarchal: Relating to others in terms of the social categories they are part of.
Collectivist: Relating to others in terms of individual qualities relative to a whole.

QUADRAS
-------
Equitable.
Alpha.
Enhancing.
Collectivist.
Narrational.
Abstract structure enhances emotional atmosphere.
Welcoming company that doesn't take anything too seriously.
Symptomatic: Incongruent (Ideation + Structure). Representing the equitable potential of structures.
Observant: Settled (Truth + Acceptance). Observing the settled truth between things.
Promoting: Hospitable (Audience + Safekeeping). Promoting the needs of others.
Integral: Sociable (Exploration + Hosting). Creating personas to explore possibilities with others.

Schismatic.
Beta.
Collapsing.
Hierarchal.
Narrational.
Divided structure collapses into dramatic upheaval.
Rowdy company prone to ideological conflict.
Symptomatic: Unflappable (Possession + Structure). Representing the unyielding possessiveness of structures.
Observant: Heretical (Truth + Foresight). Observing a greater truth for things to yield to.
Promoting: Galvanising (Audience + Timing). Promoting the timely injection of energy into emotions.
Integral: Insurmountable (Capture + Hosting). Creating personas for wilfully capturing audiences.

Solipsistic.
Gamma.
Collapsing.
Collectivist.
Economical.
Psychological isolation collapses into harsh pragmatism.
Self-driven, individualistic and sceptical of others.
Symptomatic: Privileging (Possession + Character). Representing the unyielding possessiveness of relations.
Observant: Isolating (Individuation + Foresight). Observing the psychological distance between things.
Promoting: Enterprising (Efficiency + Timing). Promoting the timely profit of resources.
Integral: Vigorous (Capture + Pragmatism). Creating pragmatic expenditure of resources.

Homeostatic.
Delta.
Enhancing.
Hierarchal.
Economical.
Affirmation of quality enhances pragmatic possibilities.
Grounded, high-minded & driven to potentiate the best in how things are.
Symptomatic: Seelie (Ideation + Character). Representing the potential for personal relations.
Observant: Affirming (Individuation + Acceptance). Observing the good, the bad and the ugly in things.
Promoting: Reliable (Efficiency + Safekeeping). Promoting the reliable maintenance of resources.
Integral: Experimental (Exploration + Pragmatism). Creating experimental use of resources.

TYPES
-----

The Sophist. (LII)
Program: Incongruent. Naturally represents the equitable possibilities of structures.
Creative: Sociable. Finds it constructive to create personas for exploring possibilities with others.
Role: Privileging. Typically neglects representing the unyielding possessiveness of relations.
Vulnerable: Vigorous. Finds it unnatural to create expenditure of resources.
Suggestive: Hospitable. Wishes they were better at promoting the needs of others.
Activating: Settled. Can over-indulge observing a settled, equitable truth between things.
Ignoring: Enterprising. Ignores promoting the timely profit of resources.
Demonstrative: Isolating. Looks down on observing the psychological distance between things.

The Traditionalist. (SEI)
Program: Settled. Naturally observes a settled, equitable truth between things.
Creative: Hospitable. Finds it constructive to promote the needs of others.
Role: Isolating. Typically neglects observing the psychological distance between things.
Vulnerable: Enterprising. Finds it unnatural to promote the timely profit of resources.
Suggestive: Sociable. Wishes they were better at creating personas for exploring possibilities with others.
Activating: Incongruent. Can over-indulge representing the equitable possibilities of structures.
Ignoring: Vigorous. Ignores creating expenditure of resources.
Demonstrative: Privileging. Looks down on representing the unyielding possessiveness of relations.

The Nurse. (ESE)
Program: Hospitable. Naturally promoting of the needs of others.
Creative: Settled. Finds it constructive to observe a settled, equitable truth between things.
Role: Enterprising. Typically neglects promoting the timely profit of resources.
Vulnerable: Isolating. Finds it unnatural to observe the psychological distance between people.
Suggestive: Incongruent. Wishes they were better at representing the equitable possibilities of structures.
Activating: Sociable. Can over-indulge creating personas for explore possibilities with others.
Ignoring: Privileging. Ignores representing the unyielding possessiveness of relations.
Demonstrative: Vigorous. Looks down on creating expenditure of resources.

The Fool. (ILE)
Program: Sociable. Naturally good at creating personas for explore possibilities with others.
Creative: Incongruent. Finds it constructive to represent the equitable possibilities of structures.
Role: Vigorous. Typically neglects to create expenditure of resources.
Vulnerable: Privileging. Finds it unnatural to represent the unyielding possessiveness of relations.
Suggestive: Settled. Wishes they were better at observing a settled, equitable truth between things.
Activating: Hospitable. Can over-indulge promoting the needs of others.
Ignoring: Isolating. Ignores observing the psychological distance between things.
Demonstrative: Enterprising. Looks down on promoting the timely profit of resources.

The Soldier. (LSI)
Program: Unflappable. Naturally represents the unyielding possessiveness of structures.
Creative: Insurmountable. Finds it constructive to create personas for wilfully capturing audiences.
Role: Seelie. Typically neglects representing the potential for personal relations.
Vulnerable: Experimental. Finds it unnatural to create pragmatic experimentation of resources.
Suggestive: Galvanizing. Wishes they were better at promoting the timely injection of energy into emotions.
Activating: Heretical. Can over-indulge observing a higher truth for things to yield to.
Ignoring: Reliable. Ignores maintaining reliable resources, but only to represent the unyielding possessiveness of structures.
Demonstrative: Affirming. Looks down on observing the good, the bad and the ugly in things.

The Apostate. (IEI)
Program: Heretical. Naturally observes a higher truth for things to yield to.
Creative: Galvanizing. Finds it constructive to promote the timely injection of energy into emotions.
Role: Affirming. Typically neglects observing the good, the bad and the ugly in things.
Vulnerable: Reliable. Finds it unnatural to promote the maintenance of reliable resources.
Suggestive: Insurmountable. Wishes they were better at creating personas for wilfully capturing audiences.
Activating: Unflappable. Can over-indulge representing the unyielding possessiveness of structures.
Ignoring: Experimental. Ignores creating pragmatic experimentation of resources.
Demonstrative: Seelie. Looks down on representing the potential for personal relations.

The Cultist. (EIE)
Program: Galvanizing. Naturally promotes the timely injection of energy into emotions.
Creative: Heretical. Finds it constructive to observe a higher truth for things to yield to.
Role: Reliable. Typically neglects promoting the maintenance of reliable resources.
Vulnerable: Affirming. Finds it unnatural to observe the good, the bad and the ugly in things.
Suggestive: Unflappable. Wishes they were better at representing the unyielding possessiveness of structures.
Activating: Insurmountable. Can over-indulge creating personas for wilfully capturing audiences.
Ignoring: Seelie. Ignores representing the potential for personal relations.
Demonstrative: Experimental. Looks down on creating pragmatic experimentation of resources.

The Marshal. (SLE)
Program: Insurmountable. Naturally good at creating personas for wilfully capturing audiences.
Creative: Unflappable. Finds it constructive to represent the unyielding possessiveness of structures.
Role: Experimental. Typically neglects creating pragmatic experimentation of resources.
Vulnerable: Seelie. Finds it unnatural to represent the potential for personal relations.
Suggestive: Heretical. Wishes they were better at observing a higher truth for things to yield to.
Activating: Galvanizing. Can over-indulge promoting the timely injection of energy into emotions.
Ignoring: Affirming. Ignores observing the good, the bad and the ugly in things.
Demonstrative: Reliable. Looks down on promoting the reliable maintenance of resources.

The Puritan. (ESI)
Program: Privileging. Naturally good at representing the unyielding possessiveness of relations.
Creative: Vigorous. Finds it constructive to create a pragmatic expenditure from resources.
Role: Incongruent. Typically neglects representing the equitable possibilities of structures.
Vulnerable: Sociable. Finds it unnatural to create personas for exploring possibilities with others.
Suggestive: Enterprising. Wishes they were better at promoting the timely profit of resources.
Activating: Isolating. Can over-indulge observing the psychological distance between things.
Ignoring: Hospitable. Ignores promoting the needs of others.
Demonstrative: Settled. Looks down on observing a settled, equitable truth between things.

The Critic. (ILI)
Program: Isolating. Naturally observes the psychological distance between things.
Creative: Enterprising. Finds it constructive to promote the timely profit of resources.
Role: Settled. Typically neglects observing a settled, equitable truth between things.
Vulnerable: Hospitable. Finds it unnatural to promote the needs of others.
Suggestive: Vigorous. Wishes they were better at creating a pragmatic expenditure from resources.
Activating: Privileging. Can over-indulge representing the unyielding possessiveness of relations.
Ignoring: Sociable. Ignores creating personas for exploring possibilities.
Demonstrative: Incongruent. Looks down on representing the equitable possibilities of structures.

The Profiteer. (LIE)
Program: Enterprising. Naturally promotes the timely profit of resources.
Creative: Isolating. Finds it constructive to observe the psychological distance between things.
Role: Hospitable. Typically neglects to promote the needs of others.
Vulnerable: Settled. Finds it unnatural to observe a settled, equitable truth between things.
Suggestive: Privileging. Wishes they were better at representing the unyielding possessiveness of relations.
Activating: Vigorous. Can over-indulge creating a pragmatic expenditure of resources.
Ignoring: Incongruent. Ignores representing the equitable possibilities of structures.
Demonstrative: Sociable. Looks down on creating personas to explore possibilities with others.

The Prodigal. (SEE)
Program: Vigorous. Naturally creates pragmatic expenditure of resources.
Creative: Privileging. Finds it constructive to represent the unyielding possessiveness of relations.
Role: Sociable. Typically neglects creating personas for exploring possibilities with others.
Vulnerable: Incongruent. Finds it unnatural to represent the equitable possibilities of structures.
Suggestive: Isolating. Wishes they were better at observing the psychological distance between things.
Activating: Enterprising. Can over-indulge promoting the timely profit of resources.
Ignoring: Settled. Ignores observing a settled, equitable truth between things.
Demonstrative: Hospitable. Looks down on promoting the needs of others.

The Receptive. (EII)
Program: Seelie. Naturally represents the potential for personal relations.
Creative: Experimental. Finds it constructive to create pragmatic experimentation of resources.
Role: Unflappable. Typically neglects representing the unyielding possessiveness of structures.
Vulnerable: Insurmountable. Finds it unnatural to create personas for wilfully capturing audiences.
Suggestive: Reliable. Wishes they were better at promoting the reliable maintenance of resources.
Activating: Affirming. Can over-indulge observing the good, the bad and the ugly in things.
Ignoring: Galvanizing. Ignores promoting the timely injection of energy into emotions.
Demonstrative: Heretical. Looks down on observing a higher truth for things to yield to.

The Stabilizer. (SLI)
Program: Affirming. Naturally observes the good, the bad and the ugly in things.
Creative: Reliable. Finds it constructive to promote the reliable maintenance of resources.
Role: Heretical. Typically neglects observing a higher truth for things to yield to.
Vulnerable: Galvanizing. Finds it unnatural to promote the timely injection of energy into emotions.
Suggestive: Experimental. Wishes they were better at creating pragmatic experimentation of resources.
Activating: Seelie. Can over-indulge representing the potential for personal relations.
Ignoring: Insurmountable. Ignores creating personas for wilfully capturing audiences.
Demonstrative: Unflappable. Looks down on representing the unyielding possessiveness of structures.

The Conscientious. (LSE)
Program: Reliable. Naturally promotes the maintenance of reliable resources.
Creative: Affirming. Finds it constructive to observe the good, the bad and the ugly in things.
Role: Galvanizing. Typically neglects the timely injection of energy into emotions.
Vulnerable: Heretical. Finds it unnatural to observe a higher truth for things to yield to.
Suggestive: Seelie. Wishes they were better at representing the potential for personal relations.
Activating: Experimental. Can over-indulge creating pragmatic experimentation of resources.
Ignoring: Unflappable. Ignores representing the unyielding possessiveness of structures.
Demonstrative: Insurmountable. Looks down on creating personas for wilfully capturing audiences.

The Hierophant (IEE).
Program: Experimental. Naturally creates pragmatic experimentation of resources.
Creative: Seelie. Finds it constructive to represent the potential for personal relations.
Role: Insurmountable. Typically neglects the timely injection of energy into emotions.
Vulnerable: Unflappable. Finds it unnatural to represent the unyielding possessiveness of structures.
Suggestive: Affirming. Wishes they were better at observing the good, the bad and the ugly in things.
Activating: Reliable. Can over-indulge promoting the reliable maintenance of resources.
Ignoring: Heretical. Ignores observing a higher truth for things to yield to.
Demonstrative: Galvanizing. Looks down on promoting the timely injection of energy into emotions.
